Terms of Use

1. Acceptance of Terms
-------------------
Welcome to ArdynRoseWyatt.com (the “Site”). Please read the following Terms of Use (the “Terms”) carefully. By using the
Site, other than to read these Terms for the first time, you agree that your use of the Site will be governed by the
Terms. Ardyn Rose Wyatt reserves the right to change these Terms from time to time. Please refer to this site
periodically for any changes.

2. Description of Site and License
-------------------------------
The Site provides information about Ardyn Rose Wyatt's products and services. The text, images, and other contents of
the Site (collectively, the “Contents”) are protected by the copyright laws of the United States and other countries.
Ardyn Rose Wyatt grants you a license to view the Contents on the publicly accessible areas of the Site. This license
does not include the right to screen scrape, reproduce, distribute, broadcast, modify, or otherwise commercially exploit
any of the Contents, except that reproduction incidental to your use of the Site in accordance with these Terms is
permitted. The license can be terminated by Ardyn Rose Wyatt at any time with or without cause.

3. Modifications to Service
------------------------
Ardyn Rose Wyatt reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify the Contents or discontinue providing
access to the Site (or any part thereof), temporarily or permanently, with or without notice to you. You agree that
Ardyn Rose Wyatt will not be liable to you for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Site or the
Contents.

4. Termination of Your Access
--------------------------
You agree that Ardyn Rose Wyatt, in its sole discretion, may terminate your access to or use of the Site, for any
reason, including, without limitation, our belief that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or
spirit of these Terms. You agree that any termination of your access to the Site under any provision of these Terms may
occur without prior notice to you, and you also agree that Ardyn Rose Wyatt will not be liable to you for any
termination of your access to the Site.

5. Compliance with Copyright Law
-----------------------------
Ardyn Rose Wyatt will comply with all applicable laws respecting copyright. If you believe your copyright in a work has
been infringed through the Site, please contact us at arose@ardynrosewyatt.com for notice of claims of copyright
violation. You must provide us with the following information in writing:

(1) a description of the copyrighted work you believe has been infringed
(2) information sufficient to identify the location of the allegedly infringing material on the Site.
(3) your address, telephone number, and email address
(4) a statement to the effect that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright
    owner, its agent, or the law
(5) a declaration, under penalty of perjury, that the information you have provided is accurate and that you are the
    owner of the copyright involved or you are authorized to act on behalf of that owner
(6) your physical or electronic signature.

Upon receiving your complaint, we may remove content that you believe infringes your copyright. In addition, we may take
other action against the person or persons responsible for posting or transmitting the infringing material.

6. Responsibility For Equipment & Access Costs
-------------------------------------------
You agree that you are solely responsible for obtaining and maintaining any and all equipment and services needed for
your access to and use of the Site, and for all charges related thereto.

7. Usage Restrictions
------------------
Ardyn Rose Wyatt will take action to prevent the misuse of the Site for any unlawful or objectionable purpose.
Accordingly, you agree not to use the Site for any unlawful or objectionable purpose, including without limitation use
of the Site to post, upload, or transmit any Content that is:

(1) unlawful under the laws of any jurisdiction to which you or Ardyn Rose Wyatt are subject
(2) harmful, threatening, harassing, defamatory, invasive of the privacy of another, or obscene (including without
    limitation any images or depictions of child abuse, child pornography, or minors engaged in sexual conduct or
    explicitly sexual situations)
(3) insider information, or any other proprietary or confidential information
(4) an infringement of any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual property right
(5) falsified, including without limitation the use of forged headers or otherwise manipulated identifiers in order to
    disguise its origin
(6) containing or transmitting software viruses or any other malicious computer code, files or programs designed to
    interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software
(7) an advertisement or solicitation for any products or services. You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Ardyn Rose
    Wyatt from any liability incurred as the result of your violation of these Terms, in accordance with the provisions
    of Section 1 of these Terms.

8. Privacy Policy
-----------------
The Site Privacy Policy is described on the website. Please consult it to learn about our current policies to protect
the privacy of your information.

9. Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability
-------------------------------------------------------
YOU AGREE THAT THE SITE AND CONTENTS ARE PROVIDED TO YOU “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. Ardyn Rose Wyatt does not warrant that the Site will be available at any given time,
secure, or free of error. You use the Site at your own risk, and you assume the risk that any material downloaded by you
from the Site may cause loss of data or damage to your computer system. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT IN NO EVENT WILL
ARDYN ROSE WYATT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT DAMAGES, EVEN IF CONDUCIVE IS AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOSS OF PROFITS OR FOR ANY OTHER SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, HOWEVER CAUSED, WHETHER BASED UPON CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY IN TORT, WARRANTY, OR ANY
OTHER LEGAL THEORY. Links The Site may contain links to other sites, whose terms of use and privacy policies will be
different from ours. Ardyn Rose Wyatt is not responsible for the contents, terms of use, or privacy policies of external
sites.

10. Indemnification
-------------------
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Ardyn Rose Wyatt and its partners from and against all losses,
expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorney's fees, resulting from any violation of these Terms, or any
negligent or wrongful activity related to the use of the Site, by you or any other person accessing the Site using your
account.

11. Trademarks
--------------
The Site is copyright Ardyn Rose Wyatt. All rights reserved. All other trademarks appearing on the Site are the property
of their respective owners.

12. Choice of Law & Forum Selection
-----------------------------------
You agree that any claims under these Terms will be subject to the laws of the State of Oregon and of the United States
of America, and you hereby consent to jurisdiction and venue in the courts of the State of Oregon. These Terms will be
construed according to the laws of the State of Oregon.

13. No Third Party Beneficiaries
--------------------------------
These Terms create no third party rights or obligations between Ardyn Rose Wyatt and any other person. It is understood
and agreed that the parties do not intend that any third party should be a beneficiary of these Terms.

14. Severability & Waiver
-------------------------
The invalidity of any term or provision of these Terms will not affect the validity of any other provision. Waiver by
Ardyn Rose Wyatt of strict performances of any provision of these Terms will not be a waiver of or prejudice Arydn Rose
Wyatt right to require strict performance of the same provision in the future or of any other provision of these Terms.

15. Entire Agreement
--------------------
These Terms constitute the entire agreement between the parties, and there are no promises, terms, conditions, or
obligations between the parties other than those contained in these Terms. Subject to Ardyn Rose Wyatt right to modify
these Terms, no modification of these Terms will be valid unless in writing and signed by both parties.
